c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\TicTacToeO.png
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\TicTacToeX.png
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\TicTacToe.exe
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\TicTacToe.pdb
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\obj\x86\Debug\TicTacToe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\obj\x86\Debug\TicTacToe.exe
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\obj\x86\Debug\TicTacToe.pdb
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\obj\x86\Debug\TicTacToe.exe
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\obj\x86\Debug\TicTacToe.pdb
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\TicTacToeO.png
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\TicTacToeX.png
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\TicTacToe.exe
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\TicTacToe.pdb
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Tiago\JogosDigitais\Games\TicTacToe\TicTacToe\obj\x86\Debug\TicTacToe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
